we going
yes pops Nigam out here and working on a
project this week and I thought you guys
would have some interest in it it's a
2003 Cobra that we've done a stage six
porting the guy opted for a stage six
ported combo that's the latest porting
on the supercharger the welded om plenum
and the series one throttle body work
other options include it's got a factory
elbow that goes into a meth coke cold
air intake we run that under the fence
under the hood it's got a 2,600 SCT math
pulley wise on this farm we got a four
pound lower with a 293 upper it's making
fifteen pounds of boost I know that
sounds a little low but it has a high
flow exhaust system it also has a small
crowd camshaft which actually will
reduce the boost which is actually the
restriction that you're eliminating so
reduced boost in this application will
increase horsepower hands backs it's a
222 Prowler it's ground on a 14 114 the
Isle characteristics are good and it was
easy to tune we're running one of our
single our single lock lever breeders
Craig breathers we're running that on
the passenger side we're still to have a
PCV in the driver spark plugs were
running a number eight on the heat range
of 7317 got it capped at 32 and run this
far one other time it seemed like it had
a little spark flow out on the top so
I've captain down to 32 to see if that
clears that up
tuning wives I've got 23 degrees of
timing 11 8 on the air fuel I did run
the car on the road
under a big load and v I kind of really
loaded it down and had a little spark
back so it will leave the garage with 20
degrees totally exhaust wise it's got an
inch and 3/4 long tubes American Racing
header it's got a three inch x pipe
going into a two and a half inch muffler
with two and a half inch tailpipes the
sounds decent and performance is good
and what do you think diners that cover
it let's talk about the objective bomb
injector wise just has our even flow up
sized injectors and what we do with that
is I'll take your standard 39 pound
injector and in this application I
upsides these 253 pounds which that's
good for like 580 rear wheel wheel rear
wheel horsepower excuse me
at 85 percent duty cycle tune in these
injectors is really easy because when
you install these your Island Park
rivals will be the same you'll just have
to subtract a percent for every pound
through the math transfer function and
white oak so we increase it 14 I think
the number on this was I reduced the
count to 12 12 percent I was writing the
ballpark hey that's it that times that
it yeah let's make him run Bob all right
start
let's see what it did
all right folks I'm here are the numbers
running a lemonade on the air/fuel 570
rear wheel and 550 tour double spike
there on the end but as you can tell the
bar was really strong 75 degrees out
here right now
okay three degrees out deliberate
anybody's timing out you can pick it up
with
overall really good